friends of the group multimedia image
vitamins git bring them information
about a movie called resurrected
a horror tape in which a group
led by frank and his girlfriend psoe
discover a serum capable of returning to
life to the newly deceased working
in a clandestine way they try it with
success in animals
but something goes wrong and so it is triggered
the history
this film directed by david gale and the
cast made up of mark duplass
olivia wilde donald clover and evans
Peter has suffered great criticism
positive but also negative some
of them is the story in which
says that the contrast between the pose and
the resolution is so brutal that they seem
two parts of different movies
embedded forcibly in one
so if you have to give your own
opinion on this cinematographic film
They accuse their favorite cinema because
in this film will be released on 27
March in our country
and do not forget that all this information and
much more can you find in our
Youtube channel vitamins
Y